Today in our 2013 Dodge Ram Pickup well be
installing the Curt Hitch, part number 13333.
Thats what our hitch to look like once its
installed.
Next, well go ahead and give you a couple
of measurements to assist you in selecting
accessories for your new hitch.
From the center of the hitch pin hole to the
outer most edge of the bumper is 2 inches.
On the top or the inside of the receiver tube
opening to the ground in 19 inches, this will
assist you in selecting accessories such as
a ball mount, a bike rack, or cargo carrier.
Now, lets go ahead with installation.
Note weve already gone ahead and lowered and
remove the spare tire for the ease in installation
of the install.
Our first step will be removing the ball mount
cap in the bumper, and it will be our upper
or rear attacher point.
Here well be using the flat headed socket
cap screw that will thread directly in to
the hitch.
For our lower or forward attachment points
well be using a half inch carriage bolt and
block that will get fed in to the cross tube
using the half inch pull wire provided with
our install kit and then securing this hardware
well use a half inch plunge knot.
Next well go ahead and hitch up
in
the position.